Add array/set spread operators to language docs (#3927)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/overview.md

Array literals have the form
```
[ <spec>, <spec>, ... ]
```
where a `<spec>` has one of two forms:
```
<expr>
...<expr>
```

> The first form is simply an element in the array, the result of `<expr>`. The
> second form is the `...` spread operator which expects an array or set value as
> the result of `<expr>` and inserts all of the values from the result. If a spread
> expression results in neither a set or array an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first form is simply an element in the array, the result of `<expr>`.  The
second form is the `...` spread operator which expects an array or set value as
the result of `<expr>` and inserts all of the values from the result.  If a spread
expression results in neither an array nor set, then the value is elided.
```

["hello","world"]
```

Arrays can be concatenated using the spread operator,
```mdtest-command
echo '{a:[1,2],b:[3,4]}' | zq -z 'yield [...a,...b,5]' -
```
produces
```mdtest-output
[1,2,3,4,5]
```

#### 6.11.4 Set Expressions

Set literals have the form
```
|[ <spec>, <spec>, ... ]|
```
where a `<spec>` has one of two forms:
```
<expr>
...<expr>
```

> The first form is simply an element in the set, the result of `<expr>`. The
> second form is the `...` spread operator which expects an array or set value as
> the result of `<expr>` and inserts all of the values from the result. If a spread
> expression results in neither a set or array an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first form is simply an element in the set, the result of `<expr>`.  The
second form is the `...` spread operator which expects an array or set value as
the result of `<expr>` and inserts all of the values from the result.  If a spread
expression results in neither an array nor set, then the value is elided.
```
